Mark AutocompleteInput component as stable (#3681)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/bumpy-tools-fall.md

---
"@sumup-oss/eslint-plugin-circuit-ui": minor
---

> Added the `AutocompleteInput` to the `component-lifecycle-imports` rule. Imports from `@sumup-oss/circuit-ui/experimental` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the `component-lifecycle-imports` rule to flag and fix imports of the now stable AutocompleteInput component and its related imports.
```
